Link to final-form name docs (#625)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/plugins/fields.md

}
```

> > Checkout [the final-form docs]() for a more detailed look at how the `name` field works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check out [the final-form docs](https://final-form.org/docs/final-form/field-names) for a more detailed look at how the `name` field works.
```

@ncphillips Is that the right link?

Author: Yes. I forgot to hit save on the wysiwyg link ui

Reviewer: ENTER will also save the link.
